Updated release documentation for GSI (#245)
couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella: docs/guides/1.4.0-upgrade-guide.md

Reviewer: Please include example of `indexes.json` as seen here:

https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/blob/main/examples/gsi/deferred/indexes.json

Author: @l0n3star 
I have updated the GSI example based on your suggestion. Can you please have a look

Author: @l0n3star , marking this as resolved now

```
For more information, see the [network peer examples](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/tree/main/examples/network_peer).

## GSI
To create a deferred index, use the `query_indexes` resource as follows:
```
locals {
  index_template = templatefile("${path.module}/indexes.json", {
    organization_id = var.organization_id
    project_id      = var.project_id
    cluster_id      = var.cluster_id
  })

  decoded_template = jsondecode(local.index_template)
  index_names      = [for idx, details in local.decoded_template.resource["couchbase-capella_indexes"] : details.index_name]
}
```

> ```

Reviewer: Please mention this is example of `indexes.json`

Reviewer: I filed https://jira.issues.couchbase.com/browse/AV-92582

This can be added to 1.4.1 docs.

Author: Sure @l0n3star

```
For more information, see the [network peer examples](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/tree/main/examples/network_peer).

## GSI
To create a deferred index, use the `query_indexes` resource as follows:
```
locals {

>   index_template = templatefile("${path.module}/indexes3.json", {

Reviewer: It should be indexes.json

  cluster_id      = each.value.cluster_id
  bucket_name     = each.value.bucket_name
  scope_name      = each.value.scope_name
  collection_name = each.value.collection_name
  index_name      = each.value.index_name
  index_keys      = each.value.index_keys
  with = {
    defer_build = each.value.with.defer_build
  }
}
```
```
resource "couchbase-capella_query_indexes" "build_idx" {
  organization_id = var.organization_id
  project_id      = var.project_id
  cluster_id      = var.cluster_id

  bucket_name     = var.bucket_name
  scope_name      = var.scope_name
  collection_name = var.collection_name

  build_indexes = local.index_names

  depends_on = [couchbase-capella_query_indexes.new_indexes]
}
```
```
data "couchbase-capella_query_index_monitor" "mon_indexes" {
  organization_id = var.organization_id
  project_id      = var.project_id
  cluster_id      = var.cluster_id
  bucket_name     = var.bucket_name
  scope_name      = var.scope_name
  collection_name = var.collection_name
  indexes         = local.index_names

  depends_on = [couchbase-capella_query_indexes.build_idx]
}
```
```
output "new_indexes" {
  value = couchbase-capella_query_indexes.new_indexes
}
```

> For more information, see the [query_indexes](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/tree/main/examples/gsi/deferred).

Reviewer 2: More descriptive link

```suggestion
For more information, see the [deferred index examples](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/tree/main/examples/gsi/deferred).
```

> To create a non-deferred index, use the `query_indexs` resource as follows:

Reviewer 2: typo

```suggestion
To create a non-deferred index, use the `query_indexes` resource as follows:
```

```
resource "couchbase-capella_query_indexes" "idx" {
  organization_id = var.organization_id
  project_id      = var.project_id
  cluster_id      = var.cluster_id

  bucket_name     = var.bucket_name
  scope_name      = var.scope_name
  collection_name = var.collection_name

  index_name = var.index_name
  index_keys = var.index_keys
}
```
```
output "idx" {
  value = couchbase-capella_query_indexes.idx
}
```

> For more information, see the [query_indexes](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/tree/main/examples/gsi/non_deferred).

Reviewer 2: More descriptive link

```suggestion
For more information, see the [non-deferred index examples](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella/tree/main/examples/gsi/non_deferred).
```
